App 
    THE TASTE: Sweets Factory and its Outlets

DESCRIPTION:
Whole saler and Retailer Inventory App:

"The Taste" is an old sweet stall in the city and they have made good name and also money. With the money they have accumalated, they wish to setup a Factory and small outlets across the city. The outlets are created ONE BY ONE as and when the company has done enough research and they have got money to invest. Only after all procedures are completed with establishing the new outlet, and they get again suitable capital of money, they go for further expansion with new outlets.

The Factory sends the prepared sweets (Assume maximum of 5 types of sweets) to the outlets.

ACTORS: admin

ADMIN OPERATIONS:
login/logout
create new outlet
CRUD on outlets
	assign username and password to new outlet
Admin should be able to click on "outlets" button/icon etc. and view the grid (layout of components) of boxes, each box for an outlet and the vital information of each outlet in its box like, present day sale amount, and the quanity of each sweet left in the outlet.
Note that we are selling a maximum of 5 vareity of sweets.

View sales of each outlet (default: today, by date, by month)
Compare the sales of outlets (summary of each month) of specific year

USER (outlet manager) OPERATIONS:
login/logout
place new order for the sweets choosen by the customer.
register the sales of sweets: Generate the bill for each sale

TABLES/COLLECTIONS:
outlets:
id, outletname, passcode(6 digits), manager_name, phone_number, place, active, information

sweets
id, name, selling_price, expiry_duration, description

sale_bill:
id, outlet_id, date, bill_amount

sales_items:
id, bill_id, sweet_id, price, quantity(float)

admin:
id, username, password

For every new outlet, a row/document is created in the "outlets" table/collection

For every sale, a row/document is created in the "sales" table/collection


PAGES:
home page (1.admin_login, outlet_manager_login)
admin logged in page(outlets, sales, logout)
	OUTLETS: CRUD on outlets (We cannot delete an outlet, but make it inactive)
	sales: (Default Page: list sales of all outlets of today)
	search via: outlet_id, summary
		via outlet_id:
			today
			date
			month (Summary: total sales of each day)
		summary
			of specific year (total sales of each month)
manager logged in page(new sale, logout)
	new sale
	sale list
		today
		date
		month

NOTE:
-> Adding sweets from factory to the outlet is not developed. (Factory inventory App)
-> It can be either done by the factory by the data of sales of the outlet where the remaining amount of all sweets can be known.
-> mode of payment
	cash (tendered currency, balance paid)